Create the six JavaScript functions mentioned below in a file called asg2part1.html and paste a link to the file into the NYU 
Classes text dialog box. You should also link to the page from your main homepage. All six JavaScript functions should be loaded
 from one external JavaScipt file called asg2part1.js.

1. Style Application: 
Include an external JavaScript function that changes at least five styles related to the document and an<h1> element. You could, 
for instance, change the background color, the text color, the font size and font type, the border, or the padding of an element.
The script should be triggered by an event“onclick=change()”, for instance by associating the event with a button.


2. Prize application: Include a JavaScript function called randArray() in the external script file that does the following:
	A) Creates an array of at least five items that people can win.
	B) Uses a loop to print all of the array elements, i.e. outputs the prize names.
	C) Allows the user to select one of the elements randomly from this array using the math random methods. The prizes would 
	match the value of the array element selected randomly by the user. The function should be triggered when the user clicks a 
	button labelled Win a Prize using onclick().
	Hint: Remember that you are randomizing the array index value.
	D) Displays the result into the document inside a div element with id=”prize”.
	
	
3. Swap text application: Add a JavaScript function called swapT() that does the following:
	A) You should have two paragraphs inside your HTML page with unique id‘s: id=”p1″ and id=”p2″.
	B) The function should be triggered when the user clicks anywhere on these two paragraphs using the onclick() event.
	C) The function should swap the text of the two paragraphs each time you click on either of the paragraphs.
	
	
4. Swap image application: Add a JavaScript function called swapI() that does the following:
	A) You should have two images inside your HTML page with unique id‘s: id=”img1″ and id=”img2″.
	B) The function should be triggered when the user clicks anywhere on these two images using the onclick() event.
	C) The function should swap the two images each time you click on either of the images.
	
	
5. Generate new document application: Add Javascript function called newDoc() to the external script file. This function should
be triggered when you click on an image. When the image is clicked, the function should open a new document and write information
about the image into a new document (that should have a custom design loaded from an external CSS file) using the Document Object 
Model:
	A) A heading using <h1> to provide an image title;
	B) A paragraph with information about the image;
	C) Display the image again inside this document;
	D) Display the height and width of image using the properties of the image;
	E) Display the current day, date, month, and the year; and
	F) Display the day of the week such as Wednesday or Thursday.
	

6. Simple converter application: Use form elements such as input to make the user enter a quantity. The application should convert
this quantity into another measure, for instance miles to kilometers or Fahrenheit to Celsius. The result should be displayed in 
red, inside a textarea element on the same page.

Example: The user enters the amount in miles inside the input field, then clicks a button called Convert. The program then outputs
the result in kilometers inside a textarea element on the same page.


